<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang xml:lang>
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, user-scalable=yes" />
  <title>KDRRA Minutes</title>
  <style>
code{white-space: pre-wrap;}
span.smallcaps{font-variant: small-caps;}
div.columns{display: flex; gap: min(4vw, 1.5em);}
div.column{flex: auto; overflow-x: auto;}
div.hanging-indent{margin-left: 1.5em; text-indent: -1.5em;}
ul.task-list{list-style: none;}
ul.task-list li input[type="checkbox"] {
width: 0.8em;
margin: 0 0.8em 0.2em -1.6em;
vertical-align: middle;
}
</style>
  <style type="text/css">html {
font-size: 9pt;
line-height: 110%;
width: 40rem;
margin-left: auto;
margin-right: auto;
padding-bottom: 7rem;
margin-top: 7rem;
font: Georgia, serif;
}
body {
background-color: lightyellow;
text-align: justify;
hyphens: auto;
counter-reset: heading;
}

h1 {
position: relative;
font-weight: normal;
padding-top: 5rem;
color: black;
text-align: center;
font-size: 1.5rem;
}
h5 {
position: relative;
margin-top: 1rem;
font-weight: normal;
color:firebrick;
line-height: 1.25rem;
text-align: center;
font-size: 1.25rem;
font-variant: small-caps;
}
h6 {
position: relative;
margin-top: 0.5rem;
font-weight: normal;
font-style: italic;
color:black;
text-align: center;
font-size: 0.9rem;
}
h2 {
color:firebrick;
text-align: left;
font-weight: normal;
margin-top: 1rem;
margin-bottom: -0.75rem;
font-size: 1rem;
}

.center {
text-align: center;
}
.refnum{
color: dimgray;
font-size: 0.75rem;
font-style: normal;
font-weight: normal;
}
.items {
font-size: .1.1rem;
margin-top: 1rem;
padding-bottom: 0rem;
color: firebrick;
}
.movers {
position: relative;
color: dimgray;
margin-left: 7rem;
text-align: left;
hyphens: auto;
font-size: 0.8rem;
margin-top: -0.5rem;
line-height: 0.9rem;
margin-bottom: 1rem;
}
.small {
font-size: 90%;
}
.motion {
font-size: 1rem;
hyphens: auto;
margin-left: 3.5rem;
margin-right: 3.5rem;
font-style: normal;
font-weight: normal;
text-align: justify;
hyphens: auto;
line-height: 1.5;
margin-top: 1rem;
margin-bottom: 0rem;
background-color: lightgoldenrodyellow;
padding-top: -1rem;
padding-bottom: 0.2rem;
padding-left: 1rem;
padding-right: 1rem;
}
.label {
font-size: 1rem;
font-style: normal;
font-weight: normal;
text-align: left;
color: dimgray;
font-variant: small-caps;
}
p {
hyphens: auto;
}
.level1 {
border-style: solid;
border-color: darkgrey;
margin-top: 3rem;
padding: 3rem;
width: 40rem;
border-width: thin;
}
nav > ul * {
list-style: none;
}
nav a:link {
color: green;
text-decoration: none;
}
nav a:visited {
color: green;
text-decoration: none;
}
nav a:hover {
color: green;
display: block;
text-decoration: none;
}
nav a:active {
color: green ;
text-decoration: none;
}
nav > ul > li > ul > li {
margin-top: 0.3rem;
color: green;
padding: 0;
font-weight: normal;
}
nav > ul > li {
margin-top: 2rem;
padding: 0;
color: red;
font-weight: bold;
background-color: lightgoldenrodyellow;
}
</style>
  <!--[if lt IE 9]>
    <script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/html5shiv/3.7.3/html5shiv-printshiv.min.js"></script>
  <![endif]-->
</head>
<body>
<header id="title-block-header">
<h1 class="title">KDRRA Minutes</h1>
</header>
<nav id="TOC" role="doc-toc">
<ul>
<li><a href="#KDRRA174176MM" id="toc-KDRRA174176MM">Thursday 16 Feburary 2023<br><span class="refnum">KDRRA174176MM</span></a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#attendees" id="toc-attendees">Attendees:</a></li>
<li><a href="#apologies" id="toc-apologies">Apologies:</a></li>
<li><a href="#reports" id="toc-reports">1. Reports</a></li>
<li><a href="#correspondence" id="toc-correspondence">2. Correspondence</a></li>
<li><a href="#general-business" id="toc-general-business">3. General Business</a></li>
<li><a href="#meeting-closes" id="toc-meeting-closes">Meeting closes</a></li>
</ul></li>
<li><a href="#KDRRA174330MM" id="toc-KDRRA174330MM">Thursday 15 September 2022<br><span class="refnum">KDRRA174330MM</span></a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#attendees-1" id="toc-attendees-1">Attendees:</a></li>
<li><a href="#apologies-1" id="toc-apologies-1">Apologies:</a></li>
<li><a href="#subscriptions" id="toc-subscriptions">1. Subscriptions</a></li>
<li><a href="#treasurers-report" id="toc-treasurers-report">2. Treasurer’s report</a></li>
<li><a href="#election-of-office-holders" id="toc-election-of-office-holders">3. Election of office holders</a></li>
<li><a href="#next-meeting" id="toc-next-meeting">4. Next Meeting</a></li>
<li><a href="#meeting-closes-1" id="toc-meeting-closes-1">Meeting closes</a></li>
</ul></li>
<li><a href="#KDRRA174736MM" id="toc-KDRRA174736MM">Thursday 5 August 2021 AGM<br><span class="refnum">KDRRA174736MM</span></a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#attendees-2" id="toc-attendees-2">Attendees:</a></li>
<li><a href="#apologies-2" id="toc-apologies-2">Apologies:</a></li>
<li><a href="#subscriptions-1" id="toc-subscriptions-1">1. Subscriptions</a></li>
<li><a href="#dissolution-of-the-kdrra" id="toc-dissolution-of-the-kdrra">2. Dissolution of the KDRRA?</a></li>
<li><a href="#treasurers-report-1" id="toc-treasurers-report-1">3. Treasurer’s report</a></li>
<li><a href="#election-of-office-holders-1" id="toc-election-of-office-holders-1">4. Election of office holders</a></li>
<li><a href="#facebook-report-discussion" id="toc-facebook-report-discussion">5. Facebook report &amp; discussion</a></li>
<li><a href="#meeting-closes-2" id="toc-meeting-closes-2">Meeting closes</a></li>
</ul></li>
<li><a href="#KDRRA174904MM" id="toc-KDRRA174904MM">Thursday 18 February 2021<br><span class="refnum">KDRRA174904MM</span></a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#attendees-3" id="toc-attendees-3">Attendees:</a></li>
<li><a href="#apologies-3" id="toc-apologies-3">Apologies:</a></li>
<li><a href="#general-meeting-2020-12-03" id="toc-general-meeting-2020-12-03">1. General Meeting 2020-12-03:</a></li>
<li><a href="#discussion-paper-options-for-future-of-the-assoc." id="toc-discussion-paper-options-for-future-of-the-assoc.">2. Discussion Paper: Options for future of the Assoc.</a></li>
<li><a href="#membership" id="toc-membership">3. Membership:</a></li>
<li><a href="#financial-report" id="toc-financial-report">4. Financial Report:</a></li>
<li><a href="#insurance-of-kdrra-inc" id="toc-insurance-of-kdrra-inc">5. Insurance of KDRRA (INC)</a></li>
<li><a href="#business-arising-from-previous-minutes" id="toc-business-arising-from-previous-minutes">6. Business arising from previous minutes</a></li>
<li><a href="#future-of-the-organisation" id="toc-future-of-the-organisation">7. Future of the organisation</a></li>
<li><a href="#position-of-secretary" id="toc-position-of-secretary">8. Position of secretary</a></li>
<li><a href="#facebook-page" id="toc-facebook-page">9. Facebook page</a></li>
<li><a href="#the-voice-western-australia" id="toc-the-voice-western-australia">10. ‘The Voice Western Australia’</a></li>
<li><a href="#date-of-agm" id="toc-date-of-agm">11. Date of AGM</a></li>
<li><a href="#subsequent-meetings" id="toc-subsequent-meetings">12. Subsequent meetings</a></li>
<li><a href="#business-arising-from-ii" id="toc-business-arising-from-ii">13. Business arising from (ii)</a></li>
<li><a href="#meeting-closes-3" id="toc-meeting-closes-3">Meeting closes:</a></li>
<li><a href="#note" id="toc-note">Note:</a></li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
</nav>
<section id="KDRRA174176MM" class="level1 unnumbered">
<h1 class="unnumbered">Thursday 16 Feburary 2023<br><span class="refnum">KDRRA174176MM</span></h1>
<section id="kalamunda-districts-ratepayers-residents-association-inc-minutes" class="level5 unnumbered">
<h5 class="unnumbered">kalamunda districts<br>ratepayers &amp; residents<br>association (inc)<br><br>MINUTES</h5>
<section id="falls-farm-41-cagney-way-lesmurdie-meeting-opened-7.00pm" class="level6 unnumbered">
<h6 class="unnumbered">Falls Farm<br>41 Cagney Way Lesmurdie<br>Meeting Opened: 7.00pm</h6>
</section>
</section>
<section id="attendees" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Attendees:</h2>
<div class="small">
<p>Gail Evans; Andrea Balfe; Bev Dornan; Pauline Tonkin; Greg Schofield.</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="apologies" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Apologies:</h2>
<div class="small">
<p>Nat Coppin, John Edmonds, Ron Davey.</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="reports" class="level2">
<h2>1. Reports</h2>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Secretary’s update on digital conversion:</strong></p>
<p>We have anew free site at Github, a $1 a month email address, and the help from a professional programmer; and will soon transfer our domain name to Github. The aim is to set up an easy automatic system — progress is slow.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>New Local Government Act raised by Pauline Tonkin</strong>:</p>
<p>Bev Dorman replied that she is aware that a new Local Government review is underway. A Shire report had been sent to the Local Government Advisory Board (LGAB).</p>
<p>Bev has sent a lengthy document criticising the Shire’s position; noting that they had ignored the views raised by the community. The Shire had to get their report in by Feb 14<sup>th</sup>, she had written a lengthy response. Pauline asked if the community views were not included, what course of action might be taken.</p>
<p>Bev replied that she would lodge a complaint with the board, she had added a note to the first document that included a motion made at the meeting on the issue, and the fact that the Shire had substituted their own views for those things actually raised by the community.</p>
<p>The board is drawn from former mayors and associated parties, she opined that she was unsure how fairly complaints would be entertained by the Board. Pauline had sent a document about the biased use of statistics, where favourable responses are recorded, but unfavourable ones are dismissed as not representing the community.</p>
<p>Pauline, who has been going through the associations records, has found many such instance, one she recalled when a ward that represented 40% of the Shire was allowed one representative within the Shire council. At the time 750 people responded, but the council ignored their wishes. A more recent example was when they were seeking City status, residents who opposed it were dismissed as too old and ‘could not cope with change’; dismissed what they had proposed as being statically unrepresented.</p>
<p>The Bill has not been tabled, or circulated as a draft, a report has been circulated. There appears to be no monitoring process of breaches of the Act, which appears to be very frequent across Perth, and is expensive to investigate.</p>
<p>There is an election in October. A desire for a single electorate was raised.</p></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="correspondence" class="level2">
<h2>2. Correspondence</h2>
<p>Pauline Tonkin, emailed the following; as its contents are of general interest to the KDRRA, I have made a copy; an addendum to Pauline’s report.</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Further to our discussion Thursday night re Local Govt Acts etc.</p>
<p>In 2007 I did an Analysis of May 2007 Report of Standing Committee on Environment &amp; Public Affairs on Local Govt. Amendment Bill (no.2) 2006.</p>
<p> 116 submissions received (78 against &amp; 35 supported).</p>
<p>Most of those 78 submissions against the change to the current voting system were from Local Govt. Authorities and therefore appear to have been summarily dismissed, as were my own submission, the Lesmurdie Ratepayers Association and Kalamunda Shire’s contribution.</p>
<p>However, the 35 supporting submissions must have been given more credence – especially the hitherto unknown lobby group called “The Proportional Representation Society of Australia”.</p>
<ol type="1">
<li><p>There was a complete lack of detailed reasons or demand for a change to the voting system from ratepayers.</p></li>
<li><p>There was no public benefit or improved democratic voting outcomes demonstrated or identified.</p></li>
</ol>
</blockquote>
<p>The last part of the email includes Pauline’s opinion, which is valuable, but will only be included with her permission.</p>
<!-- > The finding of this politically engineered report was predictable:  MLC’s Louise Pratt, Kate Doust & Paul Llewellyn voted in favour of it. Bruce Donaldson & Robyn McSweeney voted against the Bill.
> 
>  So there will now be 3 types of vote counting at the 2007 Local Govt. Elections:
> 
>  1. Preferential voting for one office elections when there are 3 or more candidates.  
>  2. First Past the Post for one office elections when there are 2 candidates (How funny is that?  What’s the alternative?)  
>  3. Proportional representation for multi office elections.
> 
> So you can see it starts at the top.  All level of Govts  ignore the advice they request. They all seem to have their own agenda.  Is that Democracy or Mockery? -->
</section>
<section id="general-business" class="level2">
<h2>3. General Business</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
That the KDRRA has quarterly meetings, instead of every second month.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Pauline Tonkin<br />
Seconded: Gail Evans<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="meeting-closes" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Meeting closes</h2>
</section>
</section>
<section id="KDRRA174330MM" class="level1">
<h1>Thursday 15 September 2022<br><span class="refnum">KDRRA174330MM</span></h1>
<section id="kalamunda-districts-ratepayers-residents-association-inc-annual-general-meeting-minutes" class="level5">
<h5>kalamunda districts<br>ratepayers &amp; residents<br>association (inc)<br><br>ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING<br>MINUTES</h5>
<section id="falls-farm-41-cagney-way-lesmurdie-meeting-opened-7.05pm" class="level6">
<h6>Falls Farm<br>41 Cagney Way Lesmurdie<br>Meeting Opened: 7.05pm</h6>
</section>
</section>
<section id="attendees-1" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Attendees:</h2>
<div class="small">
<p>Nat Coppin; Gail Evans; Andrea Balfe; Bev Dornan; John Edmonds; Pauline Tonkin; Greg Schofield.</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="apologies-1" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Apologies:</h2>
<div class="small">
<p>Ron Davey.</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="subscriptions" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">1. Subscriptions</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
That subscriptions continue to roll-over.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Pauline Tonkin<br />
Seconded: Gail Evans<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="treasurers-report" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">2. Treasurer’s report</h2>
<p>No change since the last AGM: A closing balance of $2,827.30, that figure stands today. Current membership of seven.</p>
<p>Andrea Balfe who has been acting as the Honorary Treasurer, was finally relieved of the responsibility.</p>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
Andrea Balfe took on the role of treasurer as a favour to this organisation, on behalf of all members this formal thank-you is presented. But it us underscored by gratitude and respect for all she has done, over the years.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Pauline Tonkin<br />
Seconded: Gail Evans<br />
<em>Motion Supported Unanomously</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="election-of-office-holders" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">3. Election of office holders</h2>
<p>It was suggested and accepted that the secretary undertake the role of acting treasurer.</p>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">nominations:</span><br />
Nat Coppin for the position of Chairperson.<br />
Ron Davey for the position of Deputy Chairperson.<br />
Greg Schofield for the position of Secretary and Acting Treasured.<br />
Committee members: Bev Dornan, John Edmonds, Gail Evens, and Pauline Tonkin.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Positions uncontested. <em>Unanimously confirmed</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="next-meeting" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">4. Next Meeting</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
Meeting to be held every second month.</p>
</div>
<p>Next meeting Thursday 17<sup>th</sup> Nov, 2022 cancelled due to covid infection.</p>
<p>Email circular: Agreed to postponed till <strong>Thursday 16<sup>th</sup> Feb, 2023</strong>.</p>
</section>
<section id="meeting-closes-1" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Meeting closes</h2>
</section>
</section>
<section id="KDRRA174736MM" class="level1">
<h1>Thursday 5 August 2021 AGM<br><span class="refnum">KDRRA174736MM</span></h1>
<section id="kalamunda-districts-ratepayers-residents-association-inc-annual-general-meeting-minutes-1" class="level5">
<h5>kalamunda districts<br>ratepayers &amp; residents<br>association (inc)<br><br>ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING<br>MINUTES</h5>
<section id="falls-farm-41-cagney-way-lesmurdie-meeting-opened-7.12pm" class="level6">
<h6>Falls Farm<br>41 Cagney Way Lesmurdie<br>Meeting Opened: 7.12pm</h6>
</section>
</section>
<section id="attendees-2" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Attendees:</h2>
<div class="small">
<p>Peter Forrest; Nat Coppin; Gail Evans; Andrea Balfe; Bev Dornan; John Edmonds; Pauline Tonkin; Greg Schofield.</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="apologies-2" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Apologies:</h2>
<div class="small">
<p>Ron Davey.</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="subscriptions-1" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">1. Subscriptions</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
That subscriptions continue to roll-over.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Pauline Tonkin<br />
Seconded: Gail Evans<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em></p>
</div>
<p>All ten member from last year are all carried through for the next year.</p>
</section>
<section id="dissolution-of-the-kdrra" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">2. Dissolution of the KDRRA?</h2>
<p><span class="label">discussion:</span><br />
Peter Forrest refers to the constitution of the KDRRA and objectives discontinued if it is dissolved and if continued has to be adjusted to meeting those objectives.</p>
<p>Pauline Tonkin replies that the only question is whether we dissolve or not.</p>
<p>Bev Dornan stated that the other alternative is to simply freeze the organisation for a year and revisit the issue. Several voices support her proposition.</p>
<p>Greg Schofield, replies that due to the Covid crisis, we have to have the AGMs as a legal requirement, we can decide not to have any meeting at this AGM until July 2022. No money is to be spent, everyone remains responsible for their areas of responsibility, unless some urgent natter arises, then the committee can call a meeting (the elected officials from this meeting, plus a committed member).</p>
<p>Pauline raises the question of liabilities?</p>
<p>Greg replies that as is a voluntary organisation we have no statutory responsibilities, tax or other financial liabilities.</p>
<p>Peter states that we are bound by the incorporation guides.</p>
<p>Greg replies that under law if we have a good reason; under Covid restrictions that decisions made in one meeting are not likely to be fulfilled by the next meeting. An opinion confirmed by several at the meeting that Covid covers such a decision.</p>
<p>Nat as sitting Chair rules that Covid has given us a lot of leeway.</p>
<p>Peter asks whether the acting officers would be prepared to continue under these conditions.</p>
<p>Greg as acting secretary mentions there are nomination for those positions that can be elected at this meeting, if the organisation is not dissolved. Pat states the we need to have elections.</p>
<p>Nat as sitting chair rules that if the AGM stands tonight then we would elect officers for the organisation even during a period of suspension.</p>
<p>Greg thanks Andrea Balfe for her voluntary work as a treasurer, which may be an exception to transfer the account, Andrea suggests as nothing will be done in the period she is prepared to remain in-situ.</p>
<p>The motion to dissolve falls if it is not moved or seconded, the sitting Chair only needs to put this new motion on the table and it supersedes the other also.</p>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
That the KDRRA be suspended for twelve months, unless there is a good and urgent reason for a meeting as decided by the committee. Fees are suspended for that time. The next meeting in twelve months or until the next AGM.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Greg Schofield<br />
Seconded: Pauline Tonkin<br />
<em>Unanimous decision</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="treasurers-report-1" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">3. Treasurer’s report</h2>
<p>Open balance last year December $2,627.30, a membership fee of $200 for a closing balance of $2,827.30, that figure stands today. Current membership of ten.</p>
</section>
<section id="election-of-office-holders-1" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">4. Election of office holders</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">nominations:</span><br />
Nat Coppin for the position of Chairperson.<br />
Ron Davey for the position of Deputy Chairperson.<br />
Greg Schofield for the position of Secretary.<br />
Honorary Treasurer Andrea Balfe.<br />
Committee members Gail Evens and Pauline Tonkin.</p>
</div>
<p>As the positions are without contention, and the organisation is in suspension it was suggested that the list, rather than individual ballots be voted on by a show of hand.</p>
<div class="movers">
<p><em>Unanimously confirmed</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="facebook-report-discussion" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">5. Facebook report &amp; discussion</h2>
<p>Nat Coppin as editor does not want to leave it stagnant. Peter Forrest suggest it should be controlled by the committee. In reply because we are suspended everyone is free to act individually, including Nat just as anyone can go to a Council Meeting. For information on local affairs it has its role, for community comment.</p>
<p>Nat made a report on some recent news about the Kalamunda water park he posted on facebook, boosting the post reached 8,700 people and others shared the article, suggestion that the reduced state due to Covid could be noted on the page.</p>
</section>
<section id="meeting-closes-2" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Meeting closes</h2>
</section>
</section>
<section id="KDRRA174904MM" class="level1">
<h1>Thursday 18 February 2021<br><span class="refnum">KDRRA174904MM</span></h1>
<section id="kalamunda-districts-ratepayers-residents-association-inc-minutes-1" class="level5">
<h5>kalamunda districts<br>ratepayers &amp; residents<br>association (inc)<br><br>MINUTES</h5>
<section id="falls-farm-41-cagney-way-lesmurdie-meeting-opened-7.05pm-1" class="level6">
<h6>Falls Farm<br>41 Cagney Way Lesmurdie<br>Meeting Opened: 7.05pm</h6>
</section>
</section>
<section id="attendees-3" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Attendees:</h2>
<div class="small">
<p>Peter Forrest; Ron Davey; Nat Coppin; Gail Evans; Andrea Balfe; Bev Dornan; John Edmonds; Pauline Tonkin; Richard Stovold; Greg Schofield; Tim Comber (observer).</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="apologies-3" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Apologies:</h2>
<p>Nil.</p>
</section>
<section id="general-meeting-2020-12-03" class="level2">
<h2>1. General Meeting 2020-12-03:</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
To accept minutes as distributed previously.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Pauline Tonkin<br />
Seconded:  Gail Evans<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="discussion-paper-options-for-future-of-the-assoc." class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">2. Discussion Paper: Options for future of the Assoc.</h2>
<p>Item Passed Over.</p>
</section>
<section id="membership" class="level2">
<h2>3. Membership:</h2>
<p>Andrea Balfe reported that the Association had 10 financial members. Tim Comber advised that Meri Comber has resigned.</p>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
To accept Membership of Greg Schofield; Bev Dornan; Ron Davey</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Gail Evans<br />
Seconded: Nat Coppin<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="financial-report" class="level2">
<h2>4. Financial Report:</h2>
<p>Andrea Balfe, Treasurer reported:</p>
<ul>
<li>That the current balance was $2,627.30, not including monies received on the night;</li>
<li>That she had received a request for reimbursement of receipted expenditure from Peter Forrest amounting to $418.74</li>
</ul>
<p>General discussion of the reimbursement request ensued. Consensus was that the requested reimbursement is not approved.</p>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
To bank monies received at the meeting and to cease all outgoings until the next AGM.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Pauline Tonkin<br />
Seconded: Greg Schofield<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em><br />
Peter Forrest recording his dissent.</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="insurance-of-kdrra-inc" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">5. Insurance of KDRRA (INC)</h2>
<p>Item Passed Over.</p>
</section>
<section id="business-arising-from-previous-minutes" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">6. Business arising from previous minutes</h2>
<p>Sitting Chair for this and future meetings. It was mentioned by Greg Schofield that the last meeting resolved to establish a ‘Sitting Chair’ to preside over the conduct of meetings.</p>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
No confidence in Peter Forrest chairing the meeting.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Greg Schofield<br />
Seconded: Nat Coppin<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em><br />
Peter Forrest abstained</p>
</div>
<p>Peter Forrest announced his resignation as Chairperson of the organisation.</p>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
To request Nat Coppin to act as ‘Sitting Chair’ for the remainder of the meeting.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Greg Schofield<br />
Seconded: Ron Davey<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em><br />
Peter Forrest abstained</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="future-of-the-organisation" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">7. Future of the organisation</h2>
<p>General discussion ensued.</p>
</section>
<section id="position-of-secretary" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">8. Position of secretary</h2>
<p>Peter Forrest indicated that he is no longer prepared to perform secretarial duties having resigned from the organisation.</p>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
To nominate Greg Schofield as Acting Secretary.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Ron Davey<br />
Seconded: Nat Coppin<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em> (consensus)<br />
Acknowledging that a vote was unnecessary due to the position being vacant.</p>
</div>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
That Secretary inform the Department of Consumer Protection of the names of Office Bearers for the Association.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Bev Dornan<br />
Seconded: Gail Evans<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em></p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="facebook-page" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">9. Facebook page</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
To ‘rebrand’ the former KRPA Facebook Page as KDRRA with modifications as seen necessary, adopting the previously circulated red-tailed cockatoo as a logo.</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Greg Schofield<br />
Seconded: Ron Davey<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em> (consensus)</p>
</div>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
To appoint Nat Coppin and Ron Davey as KDRRA Facebook administrators /moderators. </p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Greg Schofield<br />
Seconded: Ron Davey<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em> (consensus)</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="the-voice-western-australia" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">10. ‘The Voice Western Australia’</h2>
<p>John Edmonds informed the meeting that he and another person had set up a Facebook page entitled ‘The Voice Western Australia’ to provide a forum for groups/individuals encountering difficulties with local government authorities in WA. He will send the link to Nat Coppin and interested others.</p>
</section>
<section id="date-of-agm" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">11. Date of AGM</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span><br />
To hold AGM on Thursday 15 July</p>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Pauline Tonkin<br />
Seconded: Andrea Balfe<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em> (consensus)</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="subsequent-meetings" class="level2 item">
<h2 class="item">12. Subsequent meetings</h2>
<div class="motion">
<p><span class="label">motion:</span></p>
<ol type="i">
<li>Cancel Falls Farm bookings currently made for meetings of the KDRRA for March, May &amp; June.</li>
<li>Hold the next KDRRA meeting on Thursday 15th April.</li>
<li>Pauline Tonkin to inform facilities booking.<br />
</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="movers">
<p>Mover: Pauline Tonkin<br />
Seconded: Andrea Balfe<br />
<em>Motion Supported</em> (consensus)</p>
</div>
</section>
<section id="business-arising-from-ii" class="level2">
<h2>13. Business arising from (ii)</h2>
<ul>
<li>Nat Coppin to report on Facebook.</li>
<li>Agenda items to be forwarded to Greg Schofield for prior circulation of Agenda.</li>
<li>‘Sitting Chair’ to be decided at the commencement of the meeting. </li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="meeting-closes-3" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Meeting closes:</h2>
<p>8.33 pm with thanks to Nat Coppin for agreeing to be ‘Sitting Chair’.</p>
</section>
<section id="note" class="level2 unnumbered">
<h2 class="unnumbered">Note:</h2>
<div class="center">
<p><strong>Ref.,</strong> “Business arising from previous minutes”</p>
</div>
<p><em>The actual wording of the No Confidence motion at the meeting was a motion of ‘No Confidence in the Chair’ in a particular meeting. A vote of no confidence in the Chairperson is a motion when the organisation feels the Chairperson, an elected position, no longer has the confidence of the majority members of the organisation. Such a motion requires prior notice be given to all members — if the motion is carried the Chairperson must resign from the position, or is disposed. In both cases if the sitting chair is the object of the motion, they must step down; the Vice-Chairperson then presides over the vote, or some other person nominated by the meeting, there is no debate of the motion as it is a procedural matter.</em></p>
</section>
</section>
</body>
</html>
